Documentation for the file format .brt:

A BRT file is a plain text file. By its nature, it is close to csv files. 
The encoding of the file depends on how the parser implementation of these files is configured, but it is usually utf-8.

File structure:
Structurally, the file consists of two parts: an optional header and a set of records.
The header can be located in any part of the file (before records, after records, between records), at the discretion of the user.
The header is needed to globally set some options for all records. Global tag and owner installation is now supported.
An entry in the title always starts with an exclamation mark followed by the title name, followed by a colon and a value,
example: "!Tag:Friends", "!Owner:Max".
Each header entry is separated by a line break (which can be any: Windows, Unix line break).

The set of records includes line-by-line data about a specific birthday.
Each such record consists of parts separated by commas (like csv).
The parts of the record are written from left to right and have the following meaning according to their position:
1) The name of the person.
There may not necessarily be a name, there may be a nickname, a nickname, and so on, at the discretion of the user;
2) Date of birth. Required in the dd.mm.yyyy format (the remaining dates will not be considered valid);
3) Owner optional (name or other title);
4) Tag optional.
It should be noted that if the optional part is not specified, then it is still worth separating with a comma the place where it should be
(otherwise, how to determine where the tag is meant and where the owner is without specifying commas).

Comments:
brt files support single-line comments. 
A comment is a line in which the first printed character is the lattice character (#). 
When reading the file, the parser discards such lines (which begin with #).

Spaces, indents, tabs:
It is acceptable to put additional whitespace characters between parts of the record, between the records themselves, between the header key and its value. 
All these whitespace characters are truncated by the parser and have no meaning in interpreting the contents of the file.

Example of a valid brt file:

#Optional header
!Owner: Max
!Tag: Friends

Alex, 19.01.2002, ,
Mary,   22.03.1998, ,
Lary, 23.04.1994, Max,Best friend
...

Pay attention to the entry from Lary. 
It clearly indicated the owner of the record and the tag. 
But they will be ignored because we have a global header in which the tag and (or) the host have the highest priority for records.